Elephant polar bears and lions give animals
There is a lot going on in Hanover
but not so unusual though
The Hanover Zoo is not like others
zoos that's the name of the experience
zoo and what about this experience
ensure we show you this today
first thing we notice so hannover gives
it was not sad but great
designed plants and many animals shot
coati suite may show poorer here
how intelligent she is and very courageous
Children can also use one
skunk go up to touch
but then please wash your hands here in the
experience zoo hannover there is a whole
special womanizer and that the
elephant bull nikolai he has one in 2010
set a worldwide record
Actually it's unfair
actually have five elephant ladies
set up this record you have
all in 2010 a child of
get him and with that he contributes
an important contribution to the preservation of the blood
because the asian elephant is from the
threatened extinction
and the visitors are naturally happy
about the cute elephant kids
But not only elephants are there
offspring were also the präriehunde
diligent we have on our visit
over 20 young animals counted
in 22 hectares of experience zoo
hannover also does it well once
bit the feet can relax on
best on a ride over the sambesi
and I promise to get closer to you
they endaxed the addax
Antelope does not guarantee
Caribou behind me see a little
a bit wild out but that is not
because he is in bad shape
On the contrary , they just lose it
Winterfell and lose is a good one
citation for this consecrated
no caribou had to die for that either
that's what they lose once in a while
year and that grows in this size
every year
in the yukon bay of the canadian here
was a village from the north of america
recreated
the highlight of the big once paypal
and here again there is a great one
show in the water show the crows can
and the eagle shows why he is the king
the air is called
the experience is in the adventure zoo
Hanover stands for the animals
can be very close when they are on it
feel like it
look at spar with travel
Call us and let them go
our website
we have the right one
offer for you
apa